Generic as_percent() (#1176)
r-lib/vctrs: vignettes/s3-vector.Rmd

}
```

> Occasionally, it is useful to provide conversions that go beyond what's allowed in casting. For example, we could offer a parsing method for character vectors. In this case, `as_percent()` should be generic, and only the default method should resort to casting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, it is useful to provide conversions that go beyond what's allowed in casting. For example, we could offer a parsing method for character vectors. In this case, `as_percent()` should be generic, the default method should casting, and then additional method should implement more flexible conversion:
```
